Questions and Projects for DBMS.
1.
IRCTC
Design a database schema for railway ticket booking using the E-R model and design tables accordingly using the relationship model. The necessary information is given below :

Entities : Train, Ticket, Customer
Ticket can be reserved or unreserved.
Each reserved ticket must correspond to a train and a customer.
Each unreserved ticket must correspond to a customer.
A customer cannot be in two trains at the same time.
Assume columns accordingly and mention primary keys, weak and strong entities.

2.
PayTM
Design a database schema for a banking app using the E-R model and design tables accordingly using the relationship model. The necessary information is given below :

Entities : Accounts, Customer, Branches
Each customer must have an account. Joint accounts are allowed.
A customer can have multiple accounts in different branch, but not in same branch.
A branch can have many accounts.

Assume columns accordingly and mention primary keys, weak and strong entities.

3.
Hotel_Booking

Design a database schema for a hotel booking agency using the E-R model and design tables accordingly using the relationship model. The necessary information is given below :

Entities : Hotel, Customer
Customer can be first time user or loyal customer.
Customer can book from only only hotel at a time. A hotel can have many customers.

Assume columns accordingly and mention primary keys, weak and strong entities.

3':
IMDB
Design a database schema for a movie and tv series database using the E-R model and design tables accordingly using the relationship model. The necessary information is given below :

Entities : Movie, Actors, TV series
A TV series or a movie must have an actor. An actor can act in both.

Assume columns accordingly and mention primary keys, weak and strong entities.

4.

 1. Find out the PG-13 rated comedy movies. DO NOT use the film_list table.
 2. Find out the top 3 rented horror movies.
 3. Find out the list of customers from India who have rented sports movies.
 4. Find out the list of customers from Canada who have rented “NICK WAHLBERG” movies.
 5. Find out the number of movies in which “SEAN WILLIAMS” acted.

5.
 1. Find out the number of documentaries with deleted scenes.
 2. Find out the number of sci-fi movies rented by the store managed by Jon Stephens.
 3. Find out the total sales from Animation movies.
 4. Find out the top 3 rented category of movies by “PATRICIA JOHNSON”.
 5. Find out the number of R rated movies rented by “SUSAN WILSON”.